Well
all
this
here
these beautiful
milan we do ourselves actually on
of the questions you showed me
Oh yes
to
handle
there was no Sicily
no
thing
Mamma Mia
so
single auctions
and this does not deserve
from messina pistoia pescara
but the legs
no
the text
but if the first one
or not
too little
now
all d
all
are david mornings 22 years old and I manage
and official spaces of the little mixes
together two other girls yasmin e
camilla and we started managing them
already since they had won at xfactor e
we continue to follow them because we believe
whether they are an original group or not
still exists in the global level
in the music well for me the little mixes
I am like I said before a group that
it does not exist ie it is not there I am not type
equal to the expenses charged to the race
the car others are therefore original for
this and then I think the music that
make is a music that comes straight to the
heart of fans and people anyway
starting to listen to them performed in
italy is great let's say that day after
day many fans start to know them
also thanks to the radio thanks to thing
ward thanks to sony and thanks a
this event is the magness mix that it is
It was a competition they have
launched the little mixes all over the world
in which Italy won together others
countries the fano the infantrymen of egypt
the mix is ​​a fan
those who love good music is all
age I think of the little mix from
teenagers to the elderly and in any case it is
people who really love music